com/example/thechefofficial/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.BuildConfig
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/MypostListRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.MypostListRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.MypostListRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/thechefofficial/test.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.test
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/thechefofficial/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/thechefofficial/dummy/DummyContent.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.dummy.DummyContent
 com.example.thechefofficial.dummy.DummyContent$DummyItem
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/favorite/FavoriteFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragment
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragment$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragment$1$1
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/favorite/FavouriteAdapter.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.FavouriteAdapter$2$1
com/example/thechefofficial/imageGalleryDetailFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryDetailFragment
com/example/thechefofficial/data/model/User.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.model.User
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$3
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$4
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$5
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$5$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$5$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$6
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/favorite/Favourite.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.favorite.Favourite
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/feedback/FeedBack.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedBack
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/home/postModel.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.home.postModel
com/example/thechefofficial/imageGalleryListActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryListActivity
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryListActivity$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/home/Recipe.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.home.Recipe
com/example/thechefofficial/MainActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.MainActivity
com/example/thechefofficial/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$2$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$2$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$4
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$5
 com.example.thechefofficial.RegisterActivity$6
com/example/thechefofficial/data/Result.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.Result
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.Result$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.Result$Error
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.Result$Success
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/slideshow/postViewAdapter.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$1$2$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$2$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$2$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.slideshow.postViewAdapter$2$1$2
com/example/thechefofficial/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.LoginRepository
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/thechefofficial/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$2$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.LoginActivity$2$2
com/example/thechefofficial/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/feedback/FeedbackFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackFragment
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackFragment$1
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.login.LoginResult
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/dummy/PostContent.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.dummy.PostContent
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.dummy.PostContent$PostItem
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/feedback/FeedbackAdapter.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackAdapter
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackAdapter$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackAdapter$1$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackAdapter$1$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.feedback.FeedbackAdapter$1$2$1
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/postListFragment.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.postListFragment
com/example/thechefofficial/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/example/thechefofficial/addPost.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$3
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$4
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$5
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$6
 com.example.thechefofficial.addPost$7
com/example/thechefofficial/imageGalleryDetailActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryDetailActivity
 com.example.thechefofficial.imageGalleryDetailActivity$1
com/example/thechefofficial/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$3
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$4
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$5
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$5$1
 com.example.thechefofficial.HomeActivity$5$2
